FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS FOR CrisoftRicette
---------------------------------------------

1) What does CrisoftRicette?
2) I got "Unexpected application error"! What does it mean?
3) May I use the 0.x database with the new 1.0? 
4) May I use ricette.sql for 1.0 version? 
5) Hey, I think I found a bug! What should I do?
6) Backup and restore: how can I use this feature?
7) CrisoftRicette does not "speak" my language. Why?
8) The webserver I use has a PHP version compiled without
   --enable-trans-sid feature for session propagation and the
   application does not work. What can I do?


1) What does CrisoftRicette?

CrisoftRicette is a not-so-small application written in PHP and
interfacing a MySQL database to store your cooking recipes. It's aimed
to personal use, by the way you can also use it on your web site even
it's not written with this kind of use in mind.

2) I got "Unexpected application error"! What does it mean?

This mean one simple thing: you have tried to exploit the application, 
so I won't give you details (please check the code, if you want to crack
pay the price! ;-) )

3) May I use the 0.x database with the new 1.0?

Starting from 1.0pre11 there is a migration utility available, so you can move
existing 0.7.x recipes to 1.0. Please be aware that database name of 0.7.x and 
1.0 should be different! Version 1.0 can't use a 0.7.x database!

4) May I use ricette.sql for 1.0 version?

No. The database structure is too different. Maybe in the next future I'll 
release a dbricette.it derivated .sql file with recipe compatible with 1.0 
branch. By the way it's available the import feature from dbricette.it 
Bekon idealist natural file format. 
You can import ricette.sql file into 0.7.2 release, then import 0.7.2 
database into 1.0preXX through an utility included in starting from
1.0pre11.

5) Please report the suspected bug to the author Lorenzo Pulici by email at
snowdog@tiscalinet.it or using web interface at
http://crisoftricette.sourceforge.net.
remember that your report really helps!

6) This is very easy: you need only to choose backup option into admin
menu and file will be written to disk into backup/ subdirectory.
To restore it you have simply to choose "restore" option into admin
menu: it will be automatically done.
Restore procedure drops all existing tables then recreates them adding
data saved with last backup.
Please do not change backup filename: application will refuse to
do  database restore if filename is different from CrisoftRicette.sql.
The backup file is a simple text file with all needed SQL statement: so
you can restore database even from command line with mysql providing the
database name. Example
mysql recipes < CrisoftRicette.sql

Remember that restore function needs a valid and existing database!


7) Because no one has translated message file in your language :-)
CrisoftRicette support internationalization, but the message file
obviously needs to be translated for every language. Since I (the
author) learnt only italian (I'm italian...) and english (really I
learnt also german and french, but it was long time ago...) I can't
translate in other language. By the way if you want you can help me to
add your language support to CrisoftRicette, translating the message
file and sending it to me. For details please read TRANSLATIONS file in
this package.

8) Install 1.0pre14 that support even this type of PHP installation.

